Docu is a code documentation tool. It is planned to support many different programming languages.
It stores all of its documentation in a database, and the documentation is viewed dynamically. This is
so that cool features like search can be created. Search was the main reason for the creation of docu.


FEATURES

Docu currently supports all aspects of PHP, with the documentation being stores in a MySQL database.
Docu has a modular design, so other laoguages and output engines will be supported in the future.
Docu supports code search. You can search for class names, interface names and function names. The search
feature is planned to be massivly upgraded in the future.



INSTALLATION

1. Extract the archive somewhere accessable by your web server.

2. Run install/install.php.
   If you have granted write access to the install directory, your config files will be created,
   and you will need to copy config.processor.php into the processor directory, and config.viewer.php into the viewer directory
   
   If you did not granted write access to the install directory, your config files will be shown to the screen.
   You will need to copy them into a text editor, and save in the locaitons shown, as the filenames shown.

3. Run processor/main.php to generate your documentation.
   Re-run the tool every time your code changes.
   You can run this tool from the command line

4. View the documentation using the viewer directory (e.g. http://www.example.com/docs/viewer)


NOTES

 * It is possible for the processor directory and the viewer directory to reside in different areas of the filesystem if required
   These two directories can even reside on different computers if nessasary. Compatibility between the viewer and the processor
   is only guarenteed for the same version, but may work for similar versions.


MORE INFORMATION

If you would like more information about docu, please visit the docu website:
  http://docu.sourceforge.net
  
Here you can find information, roadmaps, make sugesstions and bug fixes, submit patches, etc.

